feat(js): Add SvelteKit Onboarding Wizard docs (#6867)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/wizard/javascript/nextjs/index.md

type: framework
---

> Configure your app automatically with [Sentry wizard](https://docs.sentry.io/platforms/javascript/guides/nextjs/#install).

Author: My train of thought was: This sentence is about the wizard but `#configure` doesn't even mention the wizard (`#install` does). 

Maybe we should change the sentence to 

```suggestion
Add Sentry to your app automatically with the [Sentry wizard](https://docs.sentry.io/platforms/javascript/guides/nextjs/#install).
```

instead? Generally, I don't think it makes sense to talk about configuring before the SDK is installed.

> Configure your app automatically with [Sentry wizard](https://docs.sentry.io/platforms/javascript/guides/nextjs/#install).

Author: > also, shall this be in a separate Pull Request?

sure, happy to extract it. I was just like "ohh, this should be changed, let's do it" but you're right, it's bloating this PR.

> Configure your app automatically with [Sentry wizard](https://docs.sentry.io/platforms/javascript/guides/nextjs/#install).

Author: Let's move this to https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-docs/pull/6869

> Configure your app automatically with [Sentry wizard](https://docs.sentry.io/platforms/javascript/guides/nextjs/#install).

Reviewer: I see...yes I agree with the sentence suggestion change, but we can discuss it in a thread as well
